docs: Update working on issues info (#19902)
eslint/eslint: docs/src/contribute/work-on-issue.md

3. **What is this issue about?** Labels describing the nature of issues include `bug`, `enhancement`, `feature`, `question`, `rule`, `documentation`, `core`, `build`, `cli`, `infrastructure`, `breaking`, and `chore`. These are documented in [Maintain ESLint](../maintain/manage-issues#types-of-issues-and-pull-requests).
4. **What is the priority of this issue?** Because we have a lot of issues, we prioritize certain issues above others. The following is the list of priorities, from highest to lowest:

    1. **Bugs** - problems with the project are actively affecting users. We want to get these resolved as quickly as possible.
    1. **Documentation** - documentation issues are a type of bug in that they actively affect current users. As such, we want to address documentation issues as quickly as possible.
    1. **Features** - new functionality that will aid users in the future.
    1. **Enhancements** - requested improvements for existing functionality.
    1. **Other** - anything else.

## Starting Work

::: important

> Before starting to work on an existing issue, please check if the issue has been assigned to anyone. If it has, then that person is already responsible for submitting a pull request and you should choose a different issue to work on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before starting to work on an existing issue, please check if the issue has been assigned to anyone or if the person who created the issue has shown interest in participating (e.g., by saying “I am willing to submit a pull request for this change”). If either is the case, then that person is already responsible for submitting a pull request, and you should choose a different issue to work on.
```

Author: This edit is unnecessary. When someone checks the box to say they're willing to work on the pull request they are automatically added as an assignee.

:::

### Claiming an issue

If you're going to work on an issue, please _claim_ the issue by adding a comment saying you're working on it and indicating when you think you will complete it. This helps us to avoid duplication of effort. Some examples of good claim comments are:

- "I'll take a look at this over the weekend."
- "I'm going to do this, give me two weeks."
- "Working on this" (as in, I'm working on it right now)

The team will validate your claim by assigning the issue to you.

### Offering help on a claimed issue

> If an issue has an assignee or has already been claimed by someone, please be respectful of that person's desire to complete the work and don't work on it unless you verify that they are no longer interested or would welcome the help. If there hasn't been activity on the issue after two weeks, you can express your interest in helping on the issue. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an issue has an assignee or has already been claimed by someone, please be respectful of that person's desire to complete the work and don't work on it unless you verify that they are no longer interested or would welcome the help. If there hasn't been activity on the issue after two weeks, you can express your interest in helping with the issue. For example:
```
